There's still a little Jewish content.
Of residents?
Yeah.
Maybe six, seven, I don't know.
I'm not honestly sure.
I don't think there's more than that.
Do they still have services there?
They do.
We've got our Jewish New Year coming up in two weeks' time, and they'll have one day
service in the home, and one day's in the synagogue.
And they try and do the other festivals.
They try and do one day in the home, and one day in the synagogue, which is a bit of
a boner contempt because it splits the community, and we haven't got enough people to fill one
area, do you know what I mean?
But that is what it is.
And they do Friday night dinners as well, in the home as well, which is nice for the
Jewish residents who are there, the Sabbath.
You were telling me when we met before that you can vlog with Midsford, though.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And this is now taking, suddenly I had a meeting a couple of days ago for Midsford Day.
This is what I call Good Deed Day.
And you can have it any time, but we always have it in November because this is when,
I think it's November the 16th this year, when we pick a day and it's all over the country.
People do their own things.
It's not for raising money, it's for doing good deeds, helping others.
And Cardiff being a small community, we find it difficult, but I run clothes, collecting
clothes.
Andrew, who goes out on a Thursday night into town every Thursday, like for the last 30
years, he goes out at 11, he comes back at 5.
I've been on these trips with him.
And he serves food and gives clothes, warm clothes to the street people on the streets.
And it's unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
You wouldn't think that, and it's troubled, when I went, which was about a year ago, he
said it's troubled in the amount of people there now.
Very, very, very, and people from all walks of life.
They're not necessarily just drug addicts or alcoholics.
There's people who have fallen on hard times or families have gone and they're left.
It's quite sad.
Quite sad to see these people.
So I make sure everybody, we send out notices that they collect all their old clothes, or
not ever new clothes, that they don't want winter things.
It's always in the winter.
And they either bring them to me or take them straight to Andrew, drop them at the synagogue,
and then I collect.
But now we've actually got, we had a meeting a couple of days ago and we are, there's a
couple of other people and myself, and we're trying to broaden it a bit now.
And what we've decided, we're doing Mitzvah Day, Good Day Day, with interfaith.
Not just with the Jewish religion, but doing it with all the religions.
So we've got a meeting coming up in September and emails have been sent out to the different
leaders and people of the different faiths.
The Sikhs, Muslims, the, I'm dealing with the Welsh Chapel because my son-in-law's uncle
is a minister in the Welsh Chapel.
Mormons, because they're very good at sorting things out and that, and Catholic faith.
So we want to try and get a meeting all together with everybody around the table.
This will probably take place in the synagogue.
And we'll get ideas together and see what people from other faiths feel like they'd
like to do.
So that's just happened in the last couple of days.
So that's a bit early.
So just what the response is going to be for that?
A bit early.
They may say, hang on, no, we're not interested in any of that, you know, but I'm trying to
get Andrew along so that he can say what he does when he goes out on a Thursday night.
And there might be people, they do, but I think they sort of collect in a different
way, you know, their good deeds.
But we'll see what it brings forth.